Federated tracing (#2479)
nuwave/lighthouse: docs/master/performance/tracing.md

    \Nuwave\Lighthouse\Tracing\TracingServiceProvider::class,
],
```

## Drivers

> Lighthouse tracing is implemented though drivers, this allows to easily support different tracing formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lighthouse tracing is implemented though drivers, this allows supporting different tracing formats.
```

https://justsimply.dev 😉
